***********
* katshit *
***********


A bastardization of the word ketchup, for people who like to
garnish their burgers and dogs and swear at the same time.
Goes well with mouseturd.


********
* jizz *
********


The secret ingredient of a Big Mac.


**********
* Crowny *
**********


Adj. That which is suitable for royalty or someone deserving
of a crown. Something highly desirable, of quality or of
fine origin. Typically, anything that is the shit, the bomb,
killer, dope, etc.


********
* derp *
********


A simple, undefined reply when an ignorant comment or action
is made. Brought to life in the South Park series, when Mr.
Derp made a guest apperance at South Park Elementary as the
chef for a day, followed by hitting himself in the head with
a hammer and exclaiming "Derp!"


********
* gank *
********


To steal or take something that does not belong to you.


**********
* psycho *
**********


ultimately my mother


************
* feminist *
************


someone who believes the radical notion that women are
people.


***********
* wal-rus *
***********


an overweight Wal-Mart shopper so weird looking that his/her
picture ends-up on the internet


*********
* HARFO *
*********


have a real fine one  Have A Real  Fine  One


**********
* krispy *
**********


Adjective: Fresh, fly, well-kept, etc. To be spotless and
cool in style.


*********
* otter *
*********


A gay man who is very hairy all over his body, but is
smaller in frame and weighs considerably less than a bear.


******************
* heteroflexible *
******************


I'm straight but shit happens


**************
* chairdrobe *
**************


The art of piling clothes on a chair to be used in place of
a closet or dresser.  If a chair is not available one can
always defer to a floordrobe.


********
* goon *
********


a real man or nigga originated in flordia


*************
* Clapstain *
*************


Derogatory term implying trashiness, lower-class status,
poor hygiene, and total worthlessness. May also imply
promiscuity, but not necessarily. Can apply to any race and
gender.


*******************
* procrastination *
*******************


Ill put up a definition later.


********
* halo *
********


1. without this game most guys would spend most of their
time masturbating 2. code word: group, all male,
masturbating.  3. electronic circle jerk, multiguy mission.


*************
* chinnifer *
*************


A nickname for Jennifer Aniston; derived from her massive
chin which seens to engulf her entire face.  A monster, a
gremlin.  A hideous creature.  A walking chin.


*************
* verklempt *
*************


Verklempt - choked with emotion (German verklemmt =
emotionally inhibited in a convulsive way)  This is not FAKE
Yiddish - unless you are one of the linguists who consider
Yiddish a "fake", i.e. non-transformational language.


********
* Guap *
********


Guap is NOT $1000.  Guap is referenced to any high amount of
dollars, basically a general word for mad dough.


*********
* Lemon *
*********


An anime/manga or (anime/manga) based fan-work that depicts
sexual acts.  Often shortened to simply "Lemon", the term is
actually derived from a hentai  anime in 1984, "Cream
Lemon", which told a story about a girl called Ami and her
relationships.  Since then "Lemon" has been used to refer to
all sexually-oriented fanworks, in particular fan-fiction.


***********
* handjob *
***********


The 21st century equivalent of the kiss.


********
* jawn *
********


a word used by Philly cats to describe anything and
everything. NY cats interject with the word "joint" but it
doesn't convey the same feelings.


*********
* ytmnd *
*********


Abbreviated version of You're the man now, dog!, a phrase
said by Sean Connery in the movie Finding Forrester. In the
internet subculture, however, it refers to a website in
which that phrase is repeated over and over. The site is now
host to thousands of similar pages which can range from
amusing to disturbing, but are almost always stupid.


*********
* finna *
*********


Abbreviation of "fixing to".  Normally means "going to".


********
* ufia *
********


Unsolicited Finger In the Anus. Popularized on the website
Fark.com and is a cliche among TotalFarkers. Originated from
a news story about a young man who poked his friends in the
backdoor with his finger on a high school football bus trip.
In the story, the judge is quoted as saying "an unsolicited
finger in the anus, while crude, is not criminal".


*******
* HMU *
*******


Hold my unicorn.


********
* Link *
********


Hero/Pimp of Hyrule.


**************
* juggernaut *
**************


The manliest state of being. Basically being able to do any
of the following: chop down trees with your penis, eat rocks
for breakfast and shit out gunpowder, headbutt your front
door open, causing it to splinter into pieces, jump off a
cliff and break your fall with your face, wrestle sharks,
kill a bear with your bare hands, etc.


**************
* Turbeville *
**************


To be, or to act like a bitch.


********
* math *
********


the lesbian sister of biology


************
* shitload *
************


more than an assload but still less than a fuckton.


****************
* intaxication *
****************


Euphoria at getting a tax refund, which lasts until you
realize it was your money to start with.


**********
* martin *
**********


A guy who acts shy but actually has a big penis


**********
* chalga *
**********


Very shity music made by Bulgarian low-inteligent musiciants
adicted to low-quality alcohol and preformed by guipsies and
retarded whors(most often blond).The lyrics are cheesy and
doesn't ring any bells...at all


*************
* postboned *
*************


When someone is running late because of an unscheduled
sexual encounter


************
* Bromance *
************


Describes the complicated love and affection shared by two
straight males.


***************
* sapiosexual *
***************


One who finds intelligence the most sexually attractive
feature.


*********
* Zalgo *
*********


To invoke the hive-mind representing chaos. Invoking the
feeling of chaos. With out order. The Nezperdian hive-mind
of chaos. Zalgo. He who Waits Behind The Wall.


*********
* vraka *
*********


Greek word for Huge oversized underwear.


***********
* grundle *
***********


The prime piece of real estate located conveniently between
Scrotumburg and Anusville.


*****************
* no zuo no die *
*****************


The word that makes sex rape.


************
* glifnard *
************


Someone who is a lame motherfucker.    Often viewed as
useless and retarded.  Many times just looking at this
person can cause one to do bodily harm to them.


*******
* dro *
*******


HyDROponically grown marijuana, i.e., "homegrown". Pot grown
indoors in hydroponic chambers, which regulate light,
humidity, and temperature. Usually a higher, more pure
quality of weed than that found elsewhere. Whether there are
additives such as cocaine in it is a secondary matter - ask
honest questions of your dealer. When in doubt - don't buy.


**************
* WindUpBird *
**************


An easily excited reactionary. A moon bat with a bird brain.
A hyperventilating airhead renowned for mental contortions
on an Olympic scale. A person with uncontrollable knee
jerks.


************
* Superman *
************


Superan; When you are mad at your girl for not having sex
with you. So when she falls asleep you masturbate and cum on
her back. After that, stick the bedsheet on to her back and
when she wakes up it's stuck to the cum and she has a cape
like Superman!!!


**************
* pineapples *
**************


what the fuck are you looking at the definition of
pineapples for you stupid fuck?


**********
* ludder *
**********


skank, slut or cheap-ass hoe


*********
* FLIRJ *
*********


An acronym for "First Lady I'd Rim Job", and a reference to
Hilary Clinton. Made famous by the 9/13/2008 opening skit of
Saturday Night Live dialog:


*********
* thizz *
*********


To swallow MDMA (Ecstasy, XTC)


**************
* screwvenir *
**************


anything that you keep (whether stolen or given to you) from
someone's house after you've slept with them.


*********
* laugh *
*********


A smile having an orgasm.


*******************
* precrestination *
*******************


To thoroughly clean one's teeth before visiting the dentist
for a teeth cleaning.


***********
* aarping *
***********


When an elderly person, such as your grandfather, complains
incessantly about nothing.


**********
* Zooted *
**********


being so f*cking high/drunk the only words you can say are
nigga im zooted..


***********
* cumshot *
***********


The number one cause of blindness in females ages 13-40.


*************
* Australia *
*************


The best fuckin' country in the world, Australia, is also
the only place where Christ could never have been born, as
in Australia, you cannot find 3 wisemen and a virgin.


************
* niteflix *
************


Dreams so complex in plot and rich in production value that
they seem like feature length films.


*********
* Vegan *
*********


Someone who slaughters and kills fruits, and vegetables.


************
* Velindre *
************


Synonym for corruption and nepotism


********
* life *
********


A sexually-transmitted, terminal disease.


***********
* Zardari *
***********


An abuse that people of South Asia frequently use. Literal
meaning is 'dog' but cultural meaning is 'bastard'.


**********
* quadah *
**********


Quarter in a Boston accent.


********
* pawg *
********


Phat Ass White Girl; girl with a phat ass and is white;
commonly said by black males.


************
* sporking *
************


The act of spooning with the addition of an erection.


***************
* Hiberdating *
***************


Verb - Someone who ignores all their other friends when they
are dating a boyfriend/girlfriend


**********
* doobie *
**********


Scooby Doo's middle name.


*********
* Krite *
*********


A term that means the same as crap or shit. Also, can be
used when calling someone a Peice of Crap/Shit.


*******
* uk2 *
*******


To suck the penis of a donkey.


*************
* Fanistons *
*************


Deluded, irrational fans of the actress Jennifer Aniston.
Usually middle-aged housewives, they firmly and mistakenly
believe that Aniston is a beautiful, talented actress.
Fanistons hate Angelina Jolie with a passion as they
(still!) blame her and her hypnovagina for breaking up
Aniston's marriage to Brad Pitt.


***********
* dubstep *
***********


the music that is created from transformers having sex


*********
* Wanky *
*********


Wanky (wah-aye-enn-key): adj. Word used to describe moments
of great sexual attraction and sexual tension.Used by the
one and only Santana lopez.


***********
* pegging *
***********


anal sex reveresed. instead of the man sticking his penis up
the womans butt, the woman wears a strap-on and sticks it up
the mans butt.


*********
* dildo *
*********


City in Newfoundland, Canada


***********
* yaritza *
***********


Another term for a monkey. A BIG, HAIRY, monkey. It is said
to be King Kong's great granddaughter. Was thought to be
extinct after the death of King Kong, but no one knew that
he fucked that one chick and she gave birth to a "yaritza"


***********
* forhetz *
***********


(verb) to get rid of an item and replace it with a newer or
better version.  This has been popular on a handfull of
message boards, and is beleived to be named after Ethan
Forhetz of Illinois, who claims to have been the first
person to get rid of a land-line phone and only use a
cellular phone.


***********
* ulzzang *
***********


Ulzzang true definition is "best & "face" = best face in
korean. They are basically people with above average looks,
sometimes with the use of photoshop and haduri who post
their pics online, some becoming internet celebrities.


************
* Winstice *
************


a festive celebration of winter solstice \ conversely,
'Sumstice' is celebrated at summer solstice


*********
* ebaum *
*********


A verb, meaning to steal something and claim it as your own.
Based on the actions of Eric Bauman, owner of the website
eBaumsworld.com, who steals all his content from other
people and claims it as his own.


***********
* docking *
***********


The act of placing the head of ones penis inside the
foreskin of another's penis.


***********
* awkward *
***********


passing a homeless person on your way to a coin star
machine.


*************
* sexercism *
*************


Having sex with someone new to get over someone old. A way
to cut any last emotional ties to a person you used to have
sex with. A non-religious, therapeutic exercise.


*************
* navelplex *
*************


A smooth-edged, thin, round piece of plexiglass that can be
inserted into the user's navel. Its purpose is to provide a
viewport or navigational tool for people whose heads are
stuck so far up their ass they're unable to see or move
about safely.


**************
* Destinesia *
**************


When you get to where you were intending to go, you forget
why you were going there in the first place.  Not to be
confused with being stoned, destinesia often occurs during
working hours, and is the cause of much frustration.


**************
* Hobosexual *
**************


Adjective. The opposite of metrosexual; one who cares little
for one's own appearance.


********
* Thot *
********


A Thot is a hoe. Plural: Thotties


***********
* nomonym *
***********


When you eat something and it tastes like something else.
Things often taste like chicken but chicken rarely tastes
like other things.


***********
* asshole *
***********


Your current boss.


*********
* giaps *
*********


being shady and robbing your friends


*************
* Iceweasel *
*************


A smarmy prostitute from New York. A whiny pathetic lizard
on Little Green Footballs with the wit of a cadaver. A
failed porn actress with HIV.


************
* passhole *
************


The idiot drivers that move steadily along, but suddenly
increase speed when they wake up and realize you are passing
them.  If they succeed in blocking your opportunity to pass,
they will immediately resume the former, annoying pace.  If
you pass them successfully, they will ride your bumper for a
short time before returning to la-la land.


***********
* shizzle *
***********


I concur, my african american friend


****************
* moon landing *
****************


When two people touch butts


*********
* greek *
*********


Anal sex. Used mostly as a euphemism in prostitution
circles.


********
* adam *
********


The first Man to ever get laid.


**************
* watermelon *
**************


Watermelon is referring to male sperm that contains a lot of
seeds (KIDS)


*****************
* doppelbangers *
*****************


A person who has sexual intercourse with someone that looks
identical to them but is not related.


